Fixes #37654 - Use custom snippets to apply errata (#3164)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_creating-custom-snippets-to-apply-errata.adoc

[id="creating-custom-snippets-to-apply-errata_{context}"]

> = Creating custom snippets to apply errata

Reviewer: Same comments as above. Perhaps this: "Running custom code while applying errata"

You can use custom snippets to execute code before and/or after applying errata on hosts.

.Prerequisites
* Depending on the template, multiple custom snippet hooks exist which you can use to include custom snippets.
Check your template to verify which custom snippets you can use.
+

> You can view used job templates under *Administer* > *Remote Execution Features*.

Reviewer: I don't think "used job templates" is a great way to phrase it. It sounds like 'used underwear'. 

Would "previously applied job templates" work?

Author: :joy: 

By "used", I mean job templates that are executed when you click on specific REX job buttons in the WebUI. -> Reworded.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *Templates* > *Job Templates*.
. Click *Create Template*.
. In the *Name* field, enter a name for your custom snippet.
The name must start with the name of a template that supports custom snippets:
** Append `custom pre` to the name of a template to run code before applying errata on hosts.
** Append `custom post` to the name of a template to run code after applying errata on hosts.
. On the *Type* tab, select *Snippet*.
. Click *Submit* to create your custom snippet.

[id="cli-creating-custom-snippets-to-apply-errata_{context}"]
.CLI procedure

> . Create a plain text file that contains your custom snippet.

Reviewer: Do we need to provide an example?

[id="creating-custom-snippets-to-apply-errata_{context}"]
= Creating custom snippets to apply errata

> Custom snippets allow you to execute custom code when applying errata on hosts.

Reviewer: I recommend a less anthropomorphic style. Perhaps, "You can use custom snippets to execute custom code when applying errata on hosts."

Reviewer: I am not sure about the discrepancy between this line and the title. Do custom snippets apply errata or do they run custom code?

Author: Applied. The custom snippets can run arbitrary code. They generally prepare a host to have errata applied or perform a cleanup.

You can run code before and/or after applying errata.

.Prerequisites

> * Depending on the used template, multiple custom snippet hooks exist which you can use to include custom snippets.

Reviewer: "Used template" sounds odd. Would "template" work instead?

Author: Yes, works. Applied.

> Ensure that you check your template first to verify which custom snippets you can use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check your template to verify which custom snippets you can use.
```
I don't think you need "first" because this is a prerequisite.

Author: Applied.

+
You can view used job templates under *Administer* > *Remote Execution Features*.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *Templates* > *Job Templates*.
. Click *Create Template*.
. In the *Name* field, enter a name for your custom snippet.

> The name has to start with the name of a template that supports including custom snippets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name must start with the name of a template that supports custom snippets:
```

Author: Applied.

** Append ` custom pre` to the name of a template to run code before applying errata on hosts.
** Append ` custom post` to the name of a template to run code after applying errata on hosts.
. On the *Type* tab, select *Snippet*.
. Click *Submit* to create your custom snippet.

[id="cli-creating-custom-snippets-to-apply-errata_{context}"]
.CLI procedure

> . Before you create a template with the CLI, create a plain text file that contains your custom snippet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create a plain text file that contains your custom snippet.
```
I don't think you need the first clause because it is a numbered step.

Author: Makes sense; applied.
